c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\SSO.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\SSO.pdb
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\obj\Debug\SSO.dll
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\obj\Debug\SSO.pdb
c:\users\andrews_m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SingleSignOnImplementation\SSO\obj\Debug\SSO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
